{ "sonaid":"39310","UTC":"May 3rd 2016, 12:42:05 am","title":"The Notebook","genre":"romance","rtsClean":"[]","charsClean":"[]","keysClean":"[]","rtsAll":"[]","charsAll":"[]","keysAll":"[]","content":"The story begins when a young privileged girl , Clare, meets and country boy, Noah, one summer at their vacation home. The boy persistently courts the young girl and the two of them fall madly in love. Her parents, however, do not approve of their daughters new love because Noah does not come from a wealthy family. They send their daughter off to college far away, without letting the two say goodbye. Years pass, and Clare becomes engaged to a wealthy man and Noah joined the military. Noah, who is a man now, returns from the war and finds himself in his old girlfriends life. Once he came back into Clare's life, he couldn't help her feelings for Clare. He had never forgotten about Clare and promised her he would build a beautiful house on the lake. After Noah found out Clare was engaged, he built the house for her to show his undying love her. Once Clare saw the new house built in the newspaper, she felt compelled to visit Noah. While visiting Noah, all her feelings for him quickly came back. Her mother finds out Clare had left her fiance to visit. Her mother drove down to where she was to find that Clare had spent the night with Noah. Throughout their time apart, Noah had written Clare everyday for a year but she did not receive the letters because Clare's mom hid them from her because she thought she knew what was best for her daughter. Her mother confessed and told Clare to follow her heart. She picked Noah over her fiance and they started a life together. As years pass, Clare developed Alzheimers and could not remember the past. But every time Noah read Clare the story of their love, she remembers their past, but only for a few minutes. At the end of the movie, the couple ends up passing away together on the same bed. " }
{ "sonaid":"39310","UTC":"May 4th 2016, 3:46:21 pm","title":"The Notebook","genre":"romance","rtsClean":"[]","charsClean":"[]","keysClean":"[]","rtsAll":"[]","charsAll":"[]","keysAll":"[]","content":"In a nursing home, resident Duke reads a romance story for an old woman who has senile dementia with memory loss. IN the late 1930s, wealthy seventeen year - old Allie Hamilton is spending summer vacation in Seabrook. Local worker Noah Calhoun meets Allie at a carnival and they soon fall in love with each other. One day, Noah brings Allie to an ancient house that he dreams of buying and restring and they attempt to make love but get interrupted by their friend. Allie's parents do not approve of their romance since Noah belongs to another social class, and they move to New York with her. Noah writes 365 letters to Allie, but her mother  Anne Hamilton does not deliver them to her daughter. Three years later, the United States joins the World War II and Noah and his best friend Fin enlist in the army, and Allie works as an army nurse. She meets injured soldier Lon Hammond in the hospital. After the war, they meet each other again going on dates and then, Lon, who is wealthy and handsome, proposes. Meanwhile Noah buys and restores the old house and many people want to buy it. When Allie accidentally sees the photo of Noah and his house in a newspaper, she feels divided between her first love and her commitment with Lon. Meanwhile Duke stops ready to the old lady since his children are visiting him in the nursing home and continues the story when he returns. Allie took a trip down to see Noah and his house. When she does this all her old feelings flood back. She then makes love to Noah. She then is haunted by a decision to either pick Lon or Noah. By this time, her mothers sees the amount of love her daughter as for Noah. She advises her daughter to follow her heart, because her mother regrets not following her heart when she had the chance to. Allie picks Noah over Lon, and even though Lon is upset, he accepts Allie's decision. When the movie returns to the nursing home, the old woman suddenly remembers the love story and realizes Duke is Noah for a split second, and then the next minute her memory fades away and she starts to have a panic attack because she did not know who Noah was. At the end of the movie, both Noah and Allie pass away together in a bed in the nursing home. " }
