{ "email":"49627","UTC":"December 9th 2015, 7:51:13 pm","category":"The Princess Diaries","rtsClean":"[]","charsClean":"[]","keysClean":"[]","rtsAll":"[]","charsAll":"[]","keysAll":"[]","content":"The story follows Mia Thermopolis. A socially awkward, unpopular, and quirky girl. Near her birthday she learns that she is the princess of Genovia. She is invited by her grandmother to come over and talk about it. Mia at first is shocked and cannot believe what she has just found out. After a while she learns to accept it and gets an awesome makeover. In this makeover she gets lessons on how to be a princess. After this her best friend Lily feels distant from her because Mia gets fame and often does not pay attention to her because of her lessons. Mia finally gets to go on date with her crush Josh. On that date the paparazzi follows her and she finds out that Josh is just using her. After this event she is torn and realizes who her true friends are. she tries to apologize to Michael, lilys brother who has had a crush on Mia for a while. Mia sends him a pizza with skittles spelling sorry. She invites him and Lily to her glamorous Genovia Independence day ball. Lily is excited to go to the ball, but her brother on the other hand is heart broken. Mia has to get to the ball with not time to spare. However, her old baby blue mustang breaks down on her in the middler of a storm. She is found and rescued by Joe he friend, bodyguard and limo driver. As she makes it to the ball she gets crowded while drenched and the Queen, her grandma sends her to go get dressed. Once all dressed Mia goes down to the ballroom with her grandmother Clarisse where she is introduced as the princess of Genovia. Mia gets sad when everyone is dancing and she has no partner. At that moment Michael enters the ballroom and they begin to dance. After they head to the beautiful garden that the queen was doing. Mia finally gets her first kiss just like she has imagined it would always be. At the end of the movie they show Mia on a plane with her cat Fat Louie. She is going to the Genovia palace. The end. " }
